user-guide: explaination on custom repositories (#110)
osbuild/guides: osbuild-composer/src/blueprint-reference/blueprint-reference.md

Note that the `data` property can be specified in any of the ways supported by TOML. Some of them require escaping certain characters and others don't. Please refer to the [TOML specification](https://toml.io/en/v1.0.0#string) for more details.

## Custom Repositories

Third-party repositories are supported by the blueprint customizations. A repository can be defined and enabled in the blueprints which will then be saved to the `/etc/yum.repos.d` directory in an image.
An optional `filename` argument can be set, otherwise the repository will be saved using the the repository ID, i.e. `/etc/yum.repos.d/<repo-id>.repo`. 

> Please note custom repositories **cannot be used at build time to install third-party packages**. These customizations are used to save and enable third party repositories on the image. For more information, or if you 

Author: Eagle eyes :rofl:

> Please note custom repositories **cannot be used at build time to install third-party packages**. These customizations ared used to save and enable third party repositories on the image. For more information, or if you 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note custom repositories **cannot be used at build time to install third-party packages**. These customizations are used to save and enable third-party repositories on the image. For more information, or if you 
```

> wish to install a package from a third-party repository, please see [here](../user-guide/repository-customizations.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
wish to install a package from a third-party repository, please continue reading [here](../user-guide/repository-customizations.md).
```
